c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.exe.config
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.exe
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.pdb
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\obj\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\obj\Debug\NiceHash_Profitability_Tracker.Form1.resources
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\obj\Debug\NiceHash_Profitability_Tracker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\obj\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\obj\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\obj\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.exe
c:\users\jeremy.gulick\source\repos\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\NiceHash Profitability Tracker\obj\Debug\NiceHash Profitability Tracker.pdb
